[Serve][Doc] Setup Request Id (#37617)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/monitoring.md

{"levelname": "INFO", "asctime": "2023-07-17 10:34:25,441", "deployment": "default_api", "replica": "default_api#bFDOnw", "request_id": "jLTczxOqme", "route": "/app1", "application": "default", "message": "replica.py:691 - __CALL__ OK 0.1ms"}
```

### Set Request ID

> You can set a custom request ID by setting `RAY_SERVE_REQUEST_ID` in each request headers. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a custom request ID for each HTTP request by including `RAY_SERVE_REQUEST_ID` in the request header. For example
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/request_id.py
:language: python
```

> Request ID `123-234` is printed in the http proxy log file and deployment log file, and the request ID is also included in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom request ID `123-234` can be seen in the access logs that are printed to the HTTP Proxy log files and deployment log files.
```

HTTP proxy log file:
```
INFO 2023-07-20 13:47:54,221 http_proxy 127.0.0.1 123-234 / default http_proxy.py:538 - GET 200 8.9ms
```

Deployment log file:
```
(ServeReplica:default_Model pid=84006) INFO 2023-07-20 13:47:54,218 default_Model default_Model#yptKoo 123-234 / default replica.py:691 - __CALL__ OK 0.2ms
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom request ID is also included in the HTTP response.

[ example ]
```
